initial approach for use workload identity (#175)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted-helm: chart/templates/NOTES.txt

{{ include "carto.validateValues" . }}
{{- end }}

{{- if eq .Values.commonBackendServiceAccount.enableWorkloadIdentity "true" }}

3. You have enabled the workload identity feature.

> This is the kubernetes Service Account that you need to binding with your IAM SA in the following command or in the terraform example `https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-selfhosted/blob/master/examples/terraform/gcp/gke-autopilot.tf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the kubernetes Service Account that you need to binding with your IAM SA in the following command or in the terraform example `https://github.com/CartoDB/carto-selfhosted/blob/{{- include "chart.version" . }}/examples/terraform/gcp/gke-autopilot.tf`
```
